hi my name is mike wang and i'm the lead
gameplay designer for NBA live 10 and
i'm here to talk to you about how we
overhauled gameplay this year in NBA
live 09 hustle plays were pretty much
non-existent whenever the ball hit the
floor guys just kind of watched the
water balance or just watched it sit on
the floor in NBA live 10 it's something
we really wanted to have in the game now
whenever the ball gets loose there's a
steal or collision guys will hustle hard
after the ball they'll scramble they'll
dive hit the floor for a loose ball the
balls had not a balance will die for
that save it and bounce back to their
teammates and what that does is it
really allows the game to flow more
naturally leads to a lot more exciting
place because at the end of those hustle
players usually get a nice fast break
and at least to a nice dunk or something
like that so we feel it's really strong
aspect of the game play like this year
in NBA live 09 dribble moves were kind
of stagnant a little bit robotic but in
NBA live 10 juba moves were a huge
priority for us and we introduced this
concept called size ups which is a
really simple mechanic you just hold on
a button and your players will start to
do this really nice in place dribble
moves that will kind of set up your
defender to take him off the dribble and
one of the great things about the size
of mechanic and the size of animation so
that we really differentiate between the
different players so LeBron James who
likes to do kind of that bouncing
seismic triple that he has and then the
other end of the spectrum you have your
bigs who don't have the best handle some
time so that it's a lot more simple just
slower crossovers but they really start
to really differentiate the players and
it makes it more fun to play one-on-one
basketball
rebounding was another big aspect of the
game that we focused on for NBA live 10
if you look at the way guys position
themselves for rebounds now it's a lot
more sound basketball fundamentals will
actually look for their check and box
out properly when they go for the ball
you'll see some really great rebound
animation still actually contest each
other they'll fight for the ball
sometimes they'll took the ball to
themselves just feels a lot more organic
than it did last year and it looks a lot
more like basketball so it's it thanks
for watching maybe a live 10 it's going
to be a great game it's a whole new ball
game a lot more control a lot more fluid
looks better feels a lot better it's a
lot of fun so we encourage I'm going to
check it out demo drops early September
and begin will hit store shelves on
october six
you